README.md, before:

# Space Battle
<i> Make School INT 1.1 Project </i>

Space Battle is a simple 2-D arcade game built with the `pygame` library. This game is a variation of the popular arcade game "Space Invaders". The user pilots a spacecraft using the arrow keys and shoots lasers by clicking on the spacebar. Enemy spaceships descend from the top of the screen and fire their own lasers at the user's spaceship. The user loses a life if an enemy spaceship passes the bottom of the screen. Additionally, the user loses health points if an enemy laser hits the user spaceship or if an enemy spaceship collides with the user spaceship. The game is over if all lives are spent or if the health bar has been depleted.

I made this project for the Make School Fall Intensive. I had no previous experience with `pygame`, so this project was an opportunity for me to explore that library by coding a simple game that I would enjoy. Thus, this project was more of an introductory challenge for myself rather than a product that solves an issue for others. 


## Running the Program

In order to play the game, you must run the code file `game.py`. However, this file calls upon files contained in the `assets` folder that hold the images and font. Therefore, you should download the whole project (which you can do by clicking the drop-down menu from the green button labelled `Code`) and save the `assets` folder in the same directory as `game.py` (which should happen automatically). The file `game.py` can be run either by opening it in an IDE and clicking `Run` or by running the following command in Terminal or some kind of Command Line Interface: `python3 game.py`. Enjoy!

This project was coded with Python 3.7.4.


### Resources
Besides reading through `pygame` documentation (which can easily be searched for online) and reviewing the start code for `pygame` from Make School (https://github.com/Make-School-Labs/pygame-lab), I also followed this helpful tutorial to code this game: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q-__8Xw9KTM.

Commit message:

Added instructions for installing pygame

README.md, after:

# Space Battle
<i> Make School INT 1.1 Project </i>

Space Battle is a simple 2-D arcade game built with the `pygame` library. This game is a variation of the popular arcade game "Space Invaders". The user pilots a spacecraft using the arrow keys and shoots lasers by clicking on the spacebar. Enemy spaceships descend from the top of the screen and fire their own lasers at the user's spaceship. The user loses a life if an enemy spaceship passes the bottom of the screen. Additionally, the user loses health points if an enemy laser hits the user spaceship or if an enemy spaceship collides with the user spaceship. The game is over if all lives are spent or if the health bar has been depleted.

I made this project for the Make School Fall Intensive. I had no previous experience with `pygame`, so this project was an opportunity for me to explore that library by coding a simple game that I would enjoy. Thus, this project was more of an introductory challenge for myself rather than a product that solves an issue for others. 

![The welcome screen](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/raw/master/src/common/images/icon48.png "The welcome screen")


## Running the Program

First, make sure that `pygame` is installed. Run this command in Terminal or some kind of Command Line Interface: `pip3 install pygame`. If `pygame` is already installed, then a message will appear informing you of that shortly. If not, then `pygame` should be installed within a couple of minutes as various downloads and messages appear on the screen.

In order to play the game, you must run the code file `game.py`. However, this file calls upon files contained in the `assets` folder that hold the images and font. Therefore, you should download the whole project (which you can do by clicking the drop-down menu from the green button labelled `Code`) and save the `assets` folder in the same directory as `game.py` (which should happen automatically). The file `game.py` can be run either by opening it in an IDE and clicking `Run` or by running the following command in Terminal or some kind of Command Line Interface: `python3 game.py`. Enjoy!

This project was coded with Python 3.7.4.


### Resources
Besides reading through `pygame` documentation (which can easily be searched for online) and reviewing the start code for `pygame` from Make School (https://github.com/Make-School-Labs/pygame-lab), I also followed this helpful tutorial to code this game: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q-__8Xw9KTM.
